[MTM-66619] new audit entry when CA re-signed certificate for device (#4593)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/cumulocity-2026-131-0-audit-record-for-device-reenrollment.md

---
date: ''

> title: Audit Logging for Device Re-enrollment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Automated audit logging for device re-enrollment
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: q3kclF6pO
    label: Authentication
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-66619
version: 2026.131.0
---

> Introduced automated audit logging to track device certificate renewals and replacements. When a device uses the [Re-enroll API](/device-certificate-authentication/device-enroll-and-re-enroll/#re-issue-device-certificate) to refresh or replace its certificate via existing credentials, a dedicated entry is now recorded in the system logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automated audit logging has been introduced to track device certificate renewals and replacements. When a device uses the [Re-enroll API](/device-certificate-authentication/device-enroll-and-re-enroll/#re-issue-device-certificate) to refresh or replace its certificate via existing credentials, a dedicated entry is now recorded in the system logs.
```

> Automated audit logging has been introduced to track device certificate renewals and replacements. When a device uses the [Re-enroll API](/device-certificate-authentication/device-enroll-and-re-enroll/#re-issue-device-certificate) to refresh or replace its certificate via existing credentials, a dedicated entry is now recorded in the system logs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The platform now automatically generates audit logs for device certificate renewals and replacements. When a device uses the [Re-enroll API](/device-certificate-authentication/device-enroll-and-re-enroll/#re-issue-device-certificate) to refresh or replace its certificate via existing credentials, a dedicated entry is now recorded in the system logs.
```
